Summary of simulation results

File  Description
amino_acid_frequencies.csv  table of amino acid frequencies in NeXtProt (202101015)
read4_max50_missed1.csv 100 simulations of reading 4 amino acids, maximum read length 50 and allowing 1 missed tryptic cleavage
read5_max50_missed1.csv 100 simulations of reading 5 amino acids, maximum read length 50 and allowing 1 missed tryptic cleavage
read6_max50_missed1.csv 100 simulations of reading 6 amino acids, maximum read length 50 and allowing 1 missed tryptic cleavage
max10_missed1.csv 400 simulations of reading 1-20 amino acids, maximum read length 10 and allowing 1 missed tryptic cleavage
max20_missed1.csv 400 simulations of reading 1-20 amino acids, maximum read length 20 and allowing 1 missed tryptic cleavage
max50_missed1.csv 400 simulations of reading 1-20 amino acids, maximum read length 50 and allowing 1 missed tryptic cleavage
max50_missed0.csv 400 simulations of reading 1-20 amino acids, maximum read length 50 and allowing no missed tryptic cleavage
read4_max5_100_missed1.csv 400 simulations of reading 4 amino acids, maximum read length 5-100 and allowing 1 missed tryptic cleavage
read10_max5_100_missed1.csv 400 simulations of reading 10 amino acids, maximum read length 5-100 and allowing 1 missed tryptic cleavage
non_ideal_max50_missed1_first20.csv 20 simulations of reading 1-20 amino acids, maximum read length 50 and allowing 1 missed tryptic cleavage under non-ideal conditions
trypsin_read4_max50_missed0.csv 100 matching simulations reading 4 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 0 missed cleavage with trypsin
trypsin_read5_max50_missed0.csv 100 matching simulations reading 5 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 0 missed cleavage with trypsin
trypsin_read6_max50_missed0.csv 100 matching simulations reading 6 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 0 missed cleavage with trypsin
trypsin_read4_max50_missed1.csv 100 matching simulations reading 4 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 1 missed cleavage with trypsin
trypsin_read5_max50_missed1.csv 100 matching simulations reading 5 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 1 missed cleavage with trypsin
trypsin_read6_max50_missed1.csv 100 matching simulations reading 6 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 1 missed cleavage with trypsin
CNBr_read4_max50_missed0.csv 100 matching simulations reading 4 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 0 missed cleavage with CNBr
CNBr_read5_max50_missed0.csv 100 matching simulations reading 5 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 0 missed cleavage with CNBr
CNBr_read6_max50_missed0.csv 100 matching simulations reading 6 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 0 missed cleavage with CNBr
CNBr_read4_max50_missed1.csv 100 matching simulations reading 4 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 1 missed cleavage with CNBr
CNBr_read5_max50_missed1.csv 100 matching simulations reading 5 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 1 missed cleavage with CNBr
CNBr_read6_max50_missed1.csv 100 matching simulations reading 6 amino acids, maximum length 50 and allowing 1 missed cleavage with CNBr

The files ending in "_choices" are the corresponding selections of readable amino acids.
